README.md, before:

## Netbox Nbrisk
[Netbox](https://github.com/netbox-community/netbox) Plugin inspired in NIST 800-30 Risk Management  **BETA VERSION**


## Compatibility

This plugin in compatible with [NetBox](https://netbox.readthedocs.org/) 3.4.0 and later.

## Installation

The plugin is available as a Python package and can be installed with pip.
To ensure NBRisk plugin is automatically re-installed during future upgrades, create a file named local_requirements.txt (if not already existing) in the NetBox root directory (alongside requirements.txt) and list the NBRisk package:

```shell
# echo "NbRisk==0.2.0" >> local_requirements.txt
```

Once installed, the plugin needs to be enabled in your configuration.py

```python
# In your configuration.py
PLUGINS = ["nb_risk"]
```

First run
```
source /opt/netbox/venv/bin/activate
```
to enter the Python virtual environment.

Then run
```
cd /opt/netbox/netbox
pip install NbRisk
python3 manage.py migrate nb_risk
```
Not ready

## Configuration

None

## Screenshots

### Plugin Menu

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16046203/214701799-d587bc22-092d-494f-9beb-18b95306be9d.png)

### Vulnerability View

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16046203/214468549-afc2de89-2d1e-412e-96d5-839ac47d4d9e.png)

### Affected Assets

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16046203/214468616-4d45b1ff-9887-43b9-9c17-0047ff5a5f02.png)

### Device Vulnerabilities

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16046203/214468700-81d21799-8381-4fca-a9bf-204a41211736.png)

### Threat Event View

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16046203/214702045-c3e01bfe-1b2c-4100-ae00-c42d3f23cfdb.png)

### Risks View

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16046203/214702218-b74e9f49-6a0d-4789-8518-32e99ef7fead.png)

Commit message:

Add additional_assets configuration allowing to add assets to the list of affected assets #3 Add counter to the Vulnerability list view #5 Add link to VulnerabilityTable #6 Add Affected Count to Vulnerability List #7 Add CVSS Base Score to Vulnerability List #8 Fix quick search for Vulnerability #9

README.md, after:

## Netbox Nbrisk
[Netbox](https://github.com/netbox-community/netbox) Plugin inspired in NIST 800-30 Risk Management  **BETA VERSION**


## Compatibility

This plugin in compatible with [NetBox](https://netbox.readthedocs.org/) 3.4.0 and later.

## Installation

The plugin is available as a Python package and can be installed with pip.
To ensure NBRisk plugin is automatically re-installed during future upgrades, create a file named local_requirements.txt (if not already existing) in the NetBox root directory (alongside requirements.txt) and list the NBRisk package:

```shell
# echo "NbRisk==0.2.0" >> local_requirements.txt
```

Once installed, the plugin needs to be enabled in your configuration.py

```python
# In your configuration.py
PLUGINS = ["nb_risk"]
```

First run
```
source /opt/netbox/venv/bin/activate
```
to enter the Python virtual environment.

Then run
```
cd /opt/netbox/netbox
pip install NbRisk
python3 manage.py migrate nb_risk
```


## Configuration

To assign vulnerabilities to a specific model in NB Risk, you can add the following code to the `PLUGINS_CONFIG` section of your `netbox/configuration.py` file, using the `additional_assets` parameter:
```python
PLUGINS_CONFIG = {
    'nb_risk': {
        'additional_assets': [
            'app_label.model_name',
        ],
    },
}
```
Replace `app_label` and `model_name` based in the model you want to add. For example, if you want to assign vulnerabilities to the platform model in the dcim app, you would use 'dcim.platform' as shown in the example below:
```python
PLUGINS_CONFIG = {
    'nb_risk': {
        'additional_assets': [
            'dcim.platform',
        ],
    },
}
```
Note that you can specify multiple models by adding them to the `additional_assets` list.

## Screenshots

### Plugin Menu

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16046203/214701799-d587bc22-092d-494f-9beb-18b95306be9d.png)

### Vulnerability View

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16046203/214468549-afc2de89-2d1e-412e-96d5-839ac47d4d9e.png)

### Affected Assets

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16046203/214468616-4d45b1ff-9887-43b9-9c17-0047ff5a5f02.png)

### Device Vulnerabilities

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16046203/214468700-81d21799-8381-4fca-a9bf-204a41211736.png)

### Threat Event View

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16046203/214702045-c3e01bfe-1b2c-4100-ae00-c42d3f23cfdb.png)

### Risks View

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16046203/214702218-b74e9f49-6a0d-4789-8518-32e99ef7fead.png)
